what's going on guys get your boy down
into Ted's with the used bike spotlight
well I got just something special all
right
I've wanted to I wanted to bring you
something unique something that we don't
go through all the time here guys and
well hey hey come on I brought you a
wild hog special here y'all
I know y'all saw the movie this is a
2005 Harley Davidson Fatboy screamin
eagle edition and while yes I do bring
up wild hogs anybody saw that movie
Travolta rode this screamin eagle I mean
not that's exact streaming you know what
once it was very similarly styled in
this wild hogs movie so like I said
every time I see it I just want to be
like wild hogs but you know we all liked
that movie it was appeal as a kick we
enjoyed it but I got you a really nice
machine here guys 103 cubic inch motor
you've got a five-speed transmission on
it and this motor pulls then I cannot
express enough the performance angles of
that motor now screamin eagle everybody
knows there's a good reason behind
buying screamin eagle bikes main reason
being whatever you get on with a stock
fat boy and you start putting all of
these goodies on it well you just sort
of dump in money down a well yeah you're
enjoying yourself yes you're fixing up
the bike you what you want it yes you're
making your vision come true but
whenever you go to trade it in whatever
you go to sell it the bike does not hold
the value of all those accessories that
you popped into it but lo and behold
screaming Eagle guys screaming eagle
this is all stuff that came with the
bike when it was new the only thing on
this motorcycle that I can see that is
not Factory is the exhaust okay and wow
those are screaming the exhaust pipes
it's just they're a little bit modified
a little bit more sound to it if you ask
me I've been in the business for a
little while and I know that doesn't
sound like a typical screamin eagle
exhaust but yet again the motor doesn't
sound like typical screaming Eagle motor
you ask me I'd say there's a cam in
there somewhere but well I do not know
that for a fact so I'm not claiming it
there's a gam but like I said two
thousand and five hundred and three
cubic inch motor 5-speed transmission
this bikes only got eleven thousand
miles on it guys eleven thousand three
hundred and forty two miles that's it
alright and like I said custom
everything you've got the custom paint
you can see this underneath this is
actually steel that they took a grinder
to to get the different dimensions and
the grinding marks to it and then it's
clear coated over top beautiful setup
very careful on the maintenance you get
a chip into that into that over top of
the steel and it will rust out on you
got to keep your eyes on a screaming
eagle you got to take a little bit of
extra care of your screamin eagle you
got a lover
you got a squeezer you got a holder
never mind anyway like what I'm saying
2005 103 cubic inch motor see five-speed
transmission and more power than you're
really going to know what to do with hey
guys give me a call I'm bringing you
something special here today alright so
the least you can do is give me a damn
phone call okay six one eight four six
two thirty thirty whenever Jackie in the
office the answers or joining answers
like yes I want to talk to Dennis I hear
he's bored to death
I hear he really needs some fun so give
me a call or come on down and see me I'm
easy to find the ugly guy and the ugly
hat I'm always ready to play so come on
down and see me we'll see what we can
get done for you now if you'll excuse me
I'm gonna go get on this 103 cubic inch
motor and go light it up a little bit
guys come on in and see me alright
this isn't the bike you're looking for
then I'll find it we'll see on the road